Customer Needs

The application should store and persist user information.
The application shuold be accessed via a web browser and compatible with all web application.
The application should be accessible by mobile devices, including iOS and Android.

The application should allow for users to login securely with a username and password.
The application should store users login information securely.
Users should only have one login account.
The application should allow for the creation of new accounts.
The application should remember each users' login information.
The application should allow only informaton relevent to each user to be viewed by that user.
The application should provide different access and functionality for the Labor Officer and the Membership Coordinator.

The application should give users the chance to choose their timing avaliablility during a set time period at the beginning of each semester.
The applcation should allow members to change their time avaliability throughout the semester.
The application should allow members to select their preferred labor positions.
The application should allow users to contact or send messages to the Labor Officer regarding their current labor positions.
The application should display names and labor positions of all other members as well to each member.
The application should send reminders to members at the time of their labor.
The application should give member choices regarding the times of notification.

The applcation should allow members to to no-show members of the house for missed labor.
The application should allow members to no-show other members easily.
The applcation should allow for no-shows of members currently assigned for labor to take priority.
The application should allow for both scheduled laborers and flex laborers to be no-showed.
The applcation should  allow for members to redact no-shows that they have made.
The application should allow the Labor Coordinator to redact no shows made.
The applcation should notify members when they have been no-showed, including the member they have been no-showed by and the specific labor.
The applcation should allow for anonymous no-shows.
The application should store information regarding no-shows. 
The application should send the member, Labor Coordinator, and Membership Coordinator a notification when a member has reached a certain number of no-shows.
The application should allow members to see their past no shows, as well as no shows that have been dropped against them. 
The application should allow the Labor Coordinator to see a record of all no-shows. 